Thought you were someone else.
What a hideous face.
Don't think it can ever be fixed.
What are you going to do, Maki?
So, you can tell women apart
by their faces now?
I thought you only ever looked
at their asses.
I'm asking what you're going to do.
Answer me, you piece of trash.
Can't use jujutsu or see cursed spirits.
Even that pretty face is ruined.
No one even notices you anymore.
How lonely.
Should I bully you like I used to?
So, what are you going to do?
Just trailing behind Okkotsu
and Fushiguro like a goldfish turd?
Say something, trash!
Maki, come back.
Did you forget?
We're not allowed to enter the armory.
The clan head said it's fine.
Me, as the head of the Zen'in clan?
Yes. It's Naobito's will.
I refuse. This is a hassle.
Sorry, but you have to do it.
Naobito said he would leave
all the Zen'in assets to you.
Money, cursed tools… If you become head,
we'll get intel on the Big Three.
It will change how we move from here on.
Then Maki, you do it. I'll hand it to you.
Right now, no one would accept me.
They wouldn't follow me.
You've inherited the clan's technique.
You've mastered a domain.
And Satoru even had his eye on you.
You can handle this, though just barely!
Who cares
what the Zen'in clan thinks?
You said I would get those benefits
as long as I'm clan head, right?
But, I'm still not good enough.
I can't create a place for Mai to belong.
Understood.
Come back!
Why?
Why are you always like this?
Just once… Make me feel glad
I gave birth to you…
Maki.
Dad…
If you were going to do this,
you should've said so from the start.
You're rushing ahead too much.
Sure, Megumi Fushiguro
is a little better than you.
What?
A lot of people want to support him
to repair ties with the Gojo clan.
But we can't accept giving
every asset to Megumi Fushiguro.
So, what were you hesitating over?
Megumi Fushiguro has ties not only
to the Gojo clan,
but also to the next head
of the Kamo clan, Noritoshi Kamo.
If we erase him without reason,
the Zen'in clan loses standing.
With Satoru Gojo sealed, we'll fall behind
in this shifting power struggle.
Fine, I get that. But why now?
You really haven't been listening
to the higher-ups' orders.
We would be fools not to use it.
As rebels who plotted to free Satoru Gojo,
we will execute
Megumi Fushiguro, Maki, and Mai.
Killing your own daughter
makes it more convincing, huh?
Yes. And it will strengthen
the higher-ups' trust in us.
But is that really okay?
What about Uncle Ogi?
It was Ogi's idea.
There are no cursed tools here, Maki.
I anticipated your movements,
so I cleared it out.
Why are you here,
idiot?
THE MASTERPIECE OF JUZO KUMIYA,
THE CURSED TOOL-DRAGON BONE
SECRET TECHNIQUE-FALLING BLOSSOM EMOTION
Do you know why I wasn't chosen
as the previous clan head,
and my brother Naobito was?
Because you're a piece of shit
who can kill kids.
Do you know why
I couldn't become clan head?
Why?
- Because you brats…
- It should've broken.
-…were failures.
- The blade…
You broke the blade,
so you thought the distance had closed,
and you stepped in deep.
I'm not a swordsman, but a sorcerer.
Trying to measure me
with a failure's standards is laughable.
I'll say it as many times as it takes.
The reason I wasn't chosen
as the previous clan head is you two.
My brother's technique is young.
Whether it counts as an inherited
clan technique wasn't the main issue.
As a sorcerer,
I never once fell behind my brother,
except for one thing.
The quality of my children.
Children dragging their parents down…
That should never happen.
You didn't know? In this country,
backstabbing is considered a virtue.
This room is used for training
and punishment.
I keep countless cursed spirits here.
Grade two and below.
They fear me now,
but soon, they'll come crawling out
to devour you.
Heavenly Restriction, Physical Gifted.
So what?
We sorcerers train every day,
then reinforce our bodies
even further with cursed energy.
Maki…
Everyone here has that strength of yours,
without cutting corners.
Farewell.
You are a stain upon my life.
As expected…
You're persistent.
I always thought
this would happen someday.
This is the worst.
You know how my technique works
already, right?
But I can't make big things,
or anything complicated.
And I've got the wound
that man gave me too.
If I make this, I'll die.
From now on, just do your best.
Hey, Mai! Wait!
What are you saying?
Anyway, just come back!
I've known for a long time
why twins are considered
a bad omen for jujutsu sorcerers.
To gain something,
you have to give something up.
It's not just about binding vows.
The logic is the same
as getting stronger through pain.
That kind of trade-off
doesn't properly work for twins.
Because identical twins are treated
as the same person in jujutsu.
Get it? I'm you, and you're me.
Even if you cough up blood, work hard,
or wish to be strong,
it doesn't mean anything.
Because I don't want to be strong.
Even if you don't have a technique,
if I do, then it's just the same.
As long as I exist, Maki,
you'll be half-baked forever.
I get it!
So just come back!
I'll leave you this one thing.
Throw the rest away.
Your cursed energy… everything.
I'll take it with me.
Just make me one promise.
Destroy
everything.
Everything. Okay?
Big sister…
Mai!
Mai! Wake up!
Wake up…
Mai!
Mai…
Wake up…
A disappearance reaction
from a cursed spirit?
What?
My body remembers…
The fear I tried so hard to forget…
Technique Release. Blazing Courage!
Fine then! One more time with these hands,
I'll burn you to the marrow!
Come! You failure!
Mai.
Let's begin.
What the hell? So damn loud.
Jinichi! Maki has gone berserk!
She has killed Mr. Ogi!
The Kukuru Unit is handling it now!
Even Ogi would slip up
if he got ambushed in bed
or on the toilet.
- Catch her before I get there.
- Yes, sir!
If you screw around and Jinichi chews
me out, I, the captain, takes the heat.
Hey. Don't kill her.
I'll finish her off myself.
The Kukuru Unit.
Boys of the Zen'in clan who do not possess
cursed techniques are required to enlist.
As a subordinate organization of Hei,
they're drilled in martial arts every day.
She's in Ton's room!
What will you do?
I wonder what I was trying to do.
Two unidentified cursed tools
confirmed by sight.
Maki had belonged to the Kukuru Unit
until she enrolled at Jujutsu High.
Why wouldn't
you fall with me?
Yes.
Surround her!
Maybe that
was the right answer for us.
Sorry… Sorry, Mai.
Surround her!
Promise me.
Destroy
everything.
Everything. Okay?
Yo. How's it going?
What?
Well, I'll be damned…
Chojuro's technique…
So Hei is here.
Hei. A group made up of those
recognized as Semi-Grade One or higher,
under Jujutsu High standards.
The Zen'in clan's strongest unit
of sorcerers.
She took Chojuro's hit,
so why can she still move?
Even my cursed energy guard
was broken through, like it's nothing!
Is this really Maki?
Jinichi!
Hold her right there! Ranta!
I can't… hold her!
Don't hesitate, Jinichi!
The Zen’in clan only still exists
because Toji chose not to wipe us out!
You know it, right?
Maki has become the same as him!
Now! Right here!
Kill her!
You did it… Jinichi…
That's brutal.
NAOYA ZEN’IN,
LEADER OF THE "HEI" UNIT
Don't you have a heart?
No. She took it with her.
I'm a genius, you know. Everyone says so.
I'm next after Dad as head of the clan.
And they say the Zen'in clan has a loser.
A guy with not even
one millimeter of cursed energy.
What kind of pathetic guy is he?
What kind of miserable face does he have?
Three, four, five, nine, ten, eleven.
You…
aren't Toji.
The sin of the weak
is not knowing strength.
No one ever understood Toji.
Probably except Satoru.
But you're not him.
The one who stands on that side is me!
Projection Sorcery
- This is bad!
- can't create movements
that ignore physics
- and trajectories too excessively.
- Six, seven, eight.
- Likewise,
- One, two, three, four.
its acceleration has a limit.
But the more the technique is layered
without stopping,
the faster it can become.
The one who stands on that side is me!
I won't stop now.
I won't screw up like last time.
Power is weight and speed!
So it's a straight-up fight, huh?
I'll hold you close.
I'll blast straight through you
at top speed!
Anything touched by the palm
during Projection Sorcery must also move
within 1/24 of a second.
If it fails to do so,
it will freeze for one second.
You planned to take my hit
even if your ribs shattered,
just to stop me, right?
Like I would fall
for something that obvious!
You really are a fake!
Twenty-four frames.
You and Naobito weren't just fast.
Something felt off.
You were slicing movement
into 24 beats every second.
With this body, I can finally see it.
You fake--
Sorry.
Say that one more time.
Mom.
- Mom.
- No!
- Don't come near me!
- Mom.
- Please. Listen.
- Why?
Why are you…?
Back then, why did you
tell me to "come back"?
What are you talking about?
No!
Your finishing touch is sloppy,
you damn bitch!
Don't screw with me!
I can't even mold cursed energy…
Damn trash!
I'm glad I gave birth to you…
Mai!
That's why… I… Don't go…
I'll leave the rest to you.
What are you going to do now, Maki?
SIX MEMBERS OF "HEI,"
NINE MEMBERS OF "SHO,"
AND 21 FROM THE KUKURU UNIT
MET THEIR TRAGIC DEATHS SOON AFTER
NO RESIDUALS WERE FOUND,
BUT SOME CURSED ENERGY
FROM THE CURSED MURDER WEAPON
WAS DETECTED IN THE VICTIMS' WOUNDS.
LATER, THE GOJO AND KAMO CLAN
SENT A PROPOSAL
TO THE HIGHER-UPS
TO REMOVE THE ZEN'IN CLAN
FROM THE BIG THREE FAMILIES.
THE PROPOSAL IS ON HOLD.
Hakari argued with the higher-ups
and got suspended.
- Gambling matches?
- Don't you ever
- mention gambling matches.
- The distance just won't close.
Itadori will investigate from the inside.
I love Kinji when he's fired up.
Want to get swept up in my "heat"?